>> Jen Kramer: So,
here's what I did in my CSS.
I went ahead, and in my offsets
document I declared nested once again,
with a grid display of grid
tablet columns of auto.
Grid gap of 1m.
And then in my media query,
I wanna a heading declared,
my grid template columns to repeat,
all right?
So three fractions.
And then my grid template areas,
just aside1...aside3.
>> Jen Kramer: It's
pretty much you all needed to do there,
okay?
And of course, you have to name those.
And you could have put in another
class name those grid areas.
I use first and last child,
because it was super convenient.
They are the first and last child,
but you could've created classes for
those asides, and
then called them something else.
That would've been alright, also.
>> Jen Kramer: Yes?
>> Speaker 2: Since we want these layouts
to stack on smaller screen sizes anyway,
couldn't we just do a display block and
then switch to display
grid when we're ready for
the layout to be different?
>> Jen Kramer: Absolutely, yes,
you can totally do that.
And in fact,
I did that with the Mandarin painting.
I had it display block at
both the dimensions and
then display grid at mobile and
desktop dimensions.
So yes, that's another
approach that you could take.